All right welcome back my students.
So it's time for us to start setting up our migrations.
All right.
So what we're going to do is and we can actually do the relationship on this lecture so I'm going to
try to do this as well so I'm going to go back to see a mass application to your Larabee installation
and I'm going to clear this out.
The first thing that we've got to do is make sure that our migration is ready so what we're going to
do is we're going to create a little small application where we can and we can as a matter of fact we're
going to use this one already.
The CMOS installation that we have done and we're going to create is create we can show we can edit
or delete a post using forms right.
So we need outpolls table ready.
OK.
So let's go to the post table.
Make sure that you comment this since we were playing around with it.
All right.
Uncle Mentha and they migrated.
So BHP migrate not into migrate let's do BHP artists and migrate refresh.
There we go and.
And it just migrated all the tables again.
But we have the posti was available right.
So now we go to the user because we're going to see the user has what many posts and we already have
the relationship already there.
What I'm going to do is if I have another puls function take it away.
No I don't have one.
OK.
I got to leave this this way like this here.
But you if you want to clean it up you can and if you want to go ahead and lead the rest of this migration
.
You're welcome to do it.
But I suggest to leave it there just for reference OK.
All right.
Perfect.
So we got the migration we got the relationship right here and on the next lecture we're going to continue
with this.
All right.
Thank you so much for watching.
I'll see you in the next lecture